note from sz
awesome ron top 10 awesomed best song in the mod
ayo has been literally remade so many times therse even a newer version but i didnt put it in here
ayo classic has existed since like early 2.5ish
bijuu i like playing that song its fun
bleeding current is really hard and i like it the drop is so epic
bleeding classic er. Its been on youtube and i think it sounds cool
bloodbath gd reference sounds great
bloodshed current i think its one of the best songs in the mod i love it
bloodshed classic sounds ass and is empty
bloodshed legacy redux So Retro,.
bopeebo


certified champion is awesome its what won me the competition thing like 2 years ago idk it was a while ago
cheese touch was supposed to be doyne's 2nd song and he would have his powers raised to 1000000000 with his skibidi toilet and cheese powers
clusterfunk is a gd song because i love gd
double trouble was a dead song still kinda is but i like the idea of it
fardventure nvm this is the best one
file manipulation wasnt really like given any thought cuz week 2 was supposed to be a later priority
freindly beat.  He's a very freindly fellow.
holy shti dave fnf was supposed to be remixed but nobody did it
official debate against the president obama on how the golden apple is officially the heaviest object in minecraft
hes ballin indeed
ourple ron. he ourple? no!
tha's a wacky fella
ron's instrumental is godly
ron classic is pretty pretty pretty pretty Cool
ron dsides couldve been so awesome
rong aisle? you shouldve gotten the family dvd fromn't the soup aisle
sabotage remix because among us funny (is it really)
slammed (got nothing to say here its just a soldi song)
triad. Wow. I remember making this thats all i got to say
trojan virus is one of the best songs of the mod i really love it so much
trojan virus classic is literally the earliest 2.5 song youcould think of
tutorial


wasted is pretty cool its like one of my best collabed songs with terios too and jacelol
wasted lcassic goes hard FOR NO REASON

therse other songs that were planned like an aflac collab. Um, what else. Also a tgt one. Oneirophobia thats like a dead song that was replaced by trojan virus in v2 that was gonna be ron and bob vs bf but later tunred into hellron vs hellbob. and a pizza tower song and an actual like week 2 without the virus bs but yknow stuff just didnt work out so have that as cool information\

also please dont make fan continuations of this mod till i say you could sometime later i would appreciate that :heart: either that or if one looks really high quality to me (plaese DO NOT SPAM BLOOM IT DOESNT LOOK GOOD) i wanna incentivize people to actually make a good port of this because honestly the downfall of this mod was porting it from kade to psych and that completely destroyed the team's morale or motivation, not only that the version of psych is also really old and is kinda poopy so um yea

either get like the latest version of psych i heard it has hscript su-pport or other ones like yoshicrafter engine(i love that its my favorite one) or codename engine support those engines too theyre really awesome

and as my last message in this build now
i want to thank everybody who has collabed on making this mod reach the way it did right now, all the main devs or even just the collaborators who supported the mod at least by a bit

and thank you blueboyeet/tailsfan
youre the reason why this mod even exists right now

cya

Also check out the freindly on soundcloud. Hes your next bet best rapper of the century!!!!!!